drop lsan suppressions (#10207)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/fix-misc-memory-leaks.md

## bugfix/box

> - Fixed memory leak on disconnectiong from replica.
> - Fixed memory leak on user ddl on access check failure.
> - Fixed memory leak on xlog open failure.
> - Fixed memory leak on space ddl on certain condition.
> - Fixed memory leak on iproto override usage (since 3.1).
> - Fixed memory leak on ddl failed due to foreign key constraint check.
> - Fixed memory leak on space drop with sequence bound to json path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a memory leak on disconnection from a replica.
- Fixed a memory leak on user DDL on access check failure.
- Fixed a memory leak on `xlog` open failure.
- Fixed a memory leak on space ddl on certain condition.
- Fixed a memory leak on iproto override usage (since 3.1).
- Fixed a memory leak on DDL failed due to foreign key constraint check.
- Fixed a memory leak on space drop with sequence bound to json path.
```
